Resigning from the position of CEO, the memories will begin immediately.
You can pass now. In the future, if someone from the Zhou Dynasty comes, you can go directly.
Will China be replaced tomorrow? Do you want to reform? So I didn’t sleep after finishing it.
Is it calligraphy and painting? Does it look good?
The lady painted it, it was a painting.
Aren't you resigning the boss? My wife is so good at painting.
Leave and drive back. My brother is very busy.
If we are here, will it affect his ability to do his work?
The boss is still on the way, you two will wait a moment.
Miss Zhuo, please have some coffee first.
After drinking it, it’s not that good? The president’s office has really changed people.
It won't work if you close your hands first. This coffee is not for old people.